1. Theory Questions

1. A thread is a set of instructions (code) in a process.
Multi-threading is where multiple sets of instructions are run at once.

2. They both run multiple threads but in different ways.
Concurrency is where multiple threads are managed at the same time through interleaving process.
Parallellism is where multiple threads are ran and managed simultaneously through multiple processors.

3. A Garbage collector removes objects from memory and frees up space.
It works by reference count.
When an object and/or a reference to that object is made, its reference count increases by one.
When reference to an object is deleted (with del), then the reference count decreases by one.
When the reference count reaches zero, the Garbage collector removes the object from memory.

4. Transaction Management is where SQL Statements are made on a relational database
with the option to reverse the effects of the statements.
For example, when dealing with a bank transfer, you may use a Transaction Management on the banking database
such that the following changes will be made to the database:
step 1. take money away from bank account balance of transferror
step 2. add money to bank account balance of transferree
if, for example, step 2 fails and the transferree does not receive the money,
but step 1 means that the money has left the transferror's account,
Transaction Management allows you the ability to ROLLBACK (reverse) the effects of the transaction such that
the bank account balance of the transferror is restored to as it was before the bank transfer.

5. An endpoint is where the API interacts with the data source.
The most common method to interact with the API data source is to fetch data from it with a get method.

6. Data normalization is where the database is structured in the most effective and efficient way.
You may use foreign keys to separate out data into different tables, so that not all the info is in one table.
For example, you may separate hospital patients' data as follows:
TABLE 1 DOCTOR-PATIENT: patient id, doctor id
TABLE 2 PATIENT-INFO: patient id, patient name, dob, gender
TABLE 3 PATIENT-DIAGNOSIS: patient id, diagnosis
This is so that when you look at which doctor is tending to the patient, you won't have to see the patient's details, diagnosis, etc.
It also allows so that when a patient has for example, multiple diagnosises, other information does not need to be repeated,
as would be the case if it were all one table.
It also adds an extra layer of protection when dealing with sensitive data.



2. Concept Question
Exception handling is where you account for exceptions.
This is so that the program does not exit unexpectedly due to an exception, and instead is dealt with within the program.
You can choose to raise your own error message in the program, or do perform a different operation on the 'unexpected' input.
In Python, you can do this by:
try:
    <operation>
except:
    <operation if there is an exception error in try:>
else:
    <operation if there is no exception error in try:>
finally:
    <operation that occurs whether or not there was an error>

Debugging is where you go through your code and work through exception errors.
Python has an in-built Debugger where you can see the evaluation of the expressions in your code.
This is so that you can easily identify where the evaluation/output of a code is not as you expect and thus is causing the error,
so that you can amend this.
When your program has an error, Python gives you clear, high-level error messages for easier debugging.




3. Coding Question
See main.py



4. Coding Question
See test_square_list.py



5. Concept Question
The Development team in the Scrum Agile team is responsible for coding and implementing the program.
They participate in the daily Sprint meetings to discuss their progress, their plans, and any obstacles.

The Product Owner is someone who represents the interests of stakeholders and end-users.
They lead the team in terms of product requirements, what areas to prioritise,
and evaluates the effectiveness of the program.
They continually communicate with the Scrum Agile team as things change.



6. Concept Question with Practical Example
Test Driven Development allows you to see if your program is performing correctly, and
allows you to see and account for your program's performance in given different situations,
including edge cases.
It leads to more robust programs that are less prone to errors and failures.
TDD allows you to track changes in the way that the program functions when modifications are made
and different functionalities are added - and correct these if need be.
However, TDD adds to the amount of time it would take to code the program and existing tests add an extra obstacle
when big changes are made (and you do want the output to change).
TDD will be more useful where failures in the program will have very drastic consequences
and the program has a responsibility to be robust.
For example, it will be more important to use TDD to ensure that the program works as expected
in a variety of test cases for a program that controls a rocket ship.
You will need to stringently test that it functions correctly before use, otherwise lives are at risk!
However, for something like a free-to-play connect-4 mobile app game, it will be less important to use TDD,
as it is less stakes and you may want to roll out improvements quickly,
and it may cause more difficulties where, for example, you have just started with programming the game and are unsure
if you want it to be pvp or single-player.




7. Concept Question
A Python DB cursor is a link between the database and Python.
You use the database's language to extract information from a database into Python using a cursor -
it 'points' to information in the database that can then be assigned to a Python variable and used in the Python program.
You can also use the database's language to update the database information through Python using a cursor.
For example, you can create a cursor to SELECT BALANCE from BANK ACCOUNT from the BANK database.
You can then manipulate the balance amount in Python and then use a cursor to UPDATE BALANCE [...].

